Update Readme with PTQ section (#1505)
openvinotoolkit/nncf: README.md

_For the installation instructions, [click here](#installation)._

> NNCF provides a suite of advanced algorithms for reducing inference time of Neural Networks executed via [OpenVINO&trade;](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino) or ONNXRuntime utilizing [OpenVINOExecutionProvider](https://onnxruntime.ai/docs/execution-providers/OpenVINO-ExecutionProvider.html) with attention to models accuracy.

Reviewer: NNCF does not reduce inference time itself. Also, optimization can include weights size reduction.

Author: I think that all NNCF algorithms aim to speed up the inference time of a model - is this the goal of the tool? The important point in the statement is that 
`executed via [OpenVINO&trade;](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino) or ONNXRuntime utilizing [OpenVINOExecutionProvider](https://onnxruntime.ai/docs/execution-providers/OpenVINO-ExecutionProvider.html)`
Also, can we declare that the size reduction is a consequence of the algorithm?

Reviewer 2: I agree with Aleksei that we should state explicitly the inference time reduction effect that NNCF is actually used for.

But the updated sentence here got too long in my opinion:

```suggestion
NNCF provides a suite of advanced algorithms for reducing inference time of Neural Networks executed via [OpenVINO&trade;](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino) or [ONNXRuntime](https://onnxruntime.ai/docs/execution-providers/OpenVINO-ExecutionProvider.html) with attention to models accuracy.
```

Reviewer 3: @KodiaqQ - the sentence is not written as "NNCF provides a suite of advanced algorithms for reducing inference time of Neural Networks". It is written as "NNCF provides a suite of advanced algorithms for reducing inference time of Neural Networks **executed via OpenVINO**". There is no contradiction with what you are saying neither in current wording nor in the extended version proposed by @kshpv. 

However, I would not put ONNXRuntime on the same level here in this sentence as OpenVINO. It is ultimately OpenVINO that we are targeting, be it through IE directly or via ONNXRuntime. 
`... via OpenVINO (either directly in [Inference Engine](link) or by using [ONNXRuntime OpenVINOExecutionProvider](link))`

Reviewer: As you wish, guys. I didn't agree that NNCF algorithms affect **inference time**  directly while executing. _Bias Correction-like_ algorithms does not affect it, also as _Channel Alignment_, for example.

Author: Bias-Correction is not the algorithm that we provide to the user, it is the a part of Quantization, isn't it?

Reviewer: I wouldn't like to keep talking about this case. I would resolve the original conversation.

NNCF supports Compression-Aware training and Post-Training Optimization for the models from [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/), [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/), [ONNX](https://onnx.ai/) and [OpenVINO&trade;](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino).

> ## Compression-Aware Training Algorithms

Author: added, please, take a look. How do you like it?

> ## Compression-Aware Training Algorithms

Reviewer 2: How about this: "Compression-Aware Training Algorithms do some amount of training on the full dataset after the optimization."?

In my opinion "fine-tuning" may be confusing, and "training" should be clear to everyone.

> ## Compression-Aware Training Algorithms

Reviewer 2: Resolving, since decided to rollback this change

NNCF provides a suite of advanced algorithms for Neural Networks inference optimization in [OpenVINO&trade;](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino) with minimal accuracy drop.

> NNCF is designed to work with models from [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/), [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/), [ONNX](https://onnx.ai/) and [OpenVINO&trade;](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino).

Author: Update OV link to the main page of OpenVINO

|[Sparsity](./docs/compression_algorithms/Sparsity.md) | Supported | Supported |
|[Filter pruning](./docs/compression_algorithms/Pruning.md) | Supported | Supported |

- Automatic, configurable model graph transformation to obtain the compressed model.
  > **NOTE**: Limited support for TensorFlow models. The models created using Sequential or Keras Functional API are only supported.
- Common interface for compression methods.
- GPU-accelerated layers for faster compressed model fine-tuning.
- Distributed training support.
- Configuration file examples for each supported compression algorithm.
- Git patches for prominent third-party repositories ([huggingface-transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)) demonstrating the process of integrating NNCF into custom training pipelines
- Exporting PyTorch compressed models to ONNX\* checkpoints and TensorFlow compressed models to SavedModel or Frozen Graph format, ready to use with [OpenVINO&trade; toolkit](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/).

> - Support for [Accuracy-Aware model training](./docs/Usage.md#accuracy-aware-model-training) pipelines via the [Adaptive Compression Level Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/AdaptiveCompressionLevelTraining.md) and [Early Exit Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/EarlyExitTraining.md).

Reviewer 3: A potential newcomer to the tool is interested in the major features.

> - Support for [Accuracy-Aware model training](./docs/Usage.md#accuracy-aware-model-training) pipelines via the [Adaptive Compression Level Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/AdaptiveCompressionLevelTraining.md) and [Early Exit Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/EarlyExitTraining.md).

Reviewer 2: Yes, but as long as they can understand and appreciate the described features. Most of these don't fall in this group in my opinion.

But if we keep this section, there are more basic features that should be described, like time inference reduction, ease of use within PT and TF for an arbitrary model, etc.

> - Support for [Accuracy-Aware model training](./docs/Usage.md#accuracy-aware-model-training) pipelines via the [Adaptive Compression Level Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/AdaptiveCompressionLevelTraining.md) and [Early Exit Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/EarlyExitTraining.md).

Author: What I think useful to know for user are:
```
Distributed training support.
Exporting PyTorch compressed models to ONNX* checkpoints and TensorFlow compressed models to SavedModel or Frozen Graph format, ready to use with [OpenVINO™ toolkit](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/).
```
Others items are not relevant to user in my understanding. @vshampor what do you think?

> - Support for [Accuracy-Aware model training](./docs/Usage.md#accuracy-aware-model-training) pipelines via the [Adaptive Compression Level Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/AdaptiveCompressionLevelTraining.md) and [Early Exit Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/EarlyExitTraining.md).

Reviewer 2: Resolving, since decided to rollback this change

> All of these algorithms can be executed through [Accuracy-Aware model training](./docs/Usage.md#accuracy-aware-model-training) pipelines: [Adaptive Compression Level Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/AdaptiveCompressionLevelTraining.md) and [Early Exit Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/EarlyExitTraining.md). 

Author: done

> They allow to achieve the maximum compression level or to reduce the fine-tuning time, while staying within the range of the user-defined maximum accuracy degradation.

Author: Early exit does it, right?

> They allow to achieve the maximum compression level or to reduce the fine-tuning time, while staying within the range of the user-defined maximum accuracy degradation.

Reviewer 2: Right

> ## Post-Training Optimization Algorithms

Author: added, please, take a look. How do you like it?

> ## Post-Training Optimization Algorithms

Reviewer 2: Similarly, "Post-Training Optimization Algorithms take only the subset of validation dataset and utilize it for calibration of optimization parameters."

> ## Post-Training Optimization Algorithms

Reviewer 2: Resolving, since decided to rollback this change

> | Quantization        | Supported | Supported | Supported | Supported |

Reviewer: Have we tested `PyTorch` & `TensorFlow` with Post-Training Optimization pipeline? Are all the algorithms supporting these frameworks?

Author: I also wonder this. What I found out that we declare the examples with PTQ for Torch and TF without experimental mark. Moreover, We don't have any log messages that this is an experimental feature for Torch and TF

Reviewer: It looks like our omission that we have no messages about it.

Reviewer 3: Remove this table. Only vouch for the ONNX in the scope of this PR.

Author: > Remove this table. Only vouch for the ONNX in the scope of this PR.

I plan to keep this table but mark all backends except ONNX as an experimental as we have samples and ready to use functional support.
What do you think?

| Compression algorithm                                                       |         ONNX          |TensorFlow|         PyTorch          |OpenVINO|
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------:| :---: |:------------------------:| :---: |
| [Quantization](./docs/compression_algorithms/post_training/Quantization.md) | Supported  | Supported (Experimental)| Supported (Experimental) | Supported (Experimental)|

Reviewer 3: A table with only one data row looks odd. Just add a regular sentence describing the current situation.

Author: But the table is much easier to understand. I would stand on it.

## Usage of Compression-Aware Training Algorithms

The basic workflow steps:
1) Load an optimization configuration.

> 2) Pass the original model along with the optimization configuration to the `create_compressed_model` function. `create_compressed_model` function returns a model with additional modifications necessary to enable algorithm-specific compression during fine-tuning and handle to the object allowing you to control the compression during the training process.

Reviewer: Rephrase it, please. For example:
```suggestion
2) Pass the original model along with the optimization configuration to the `create_compressed_model` function. This function returns a model with additional modifications necessary to enable algorithm-specific compression during fine-tuning. In addition, this model contains handles that allow you to control compression in the learning process.
```

Author: The initial phrase is correct. It means that there are two objects that are returned: model and controller, which is used in fine-tuning.
But it could be rephrased as it confused you

Reviewer: The sentence is too long to clearly understand the pipeline, IMHO.

Reviewer 2: This construction might be helpful: 

```suggestion
2) Pass the original model along with the optimization configuration to the `create_compressed_model` function. `create_compressed_model` function returns (1) a model with additional modifications necessary to enable algorithm-specific compression during fine-tuning and (2) a handle to the object allowing you to control the compression during the training process.
```

Author: done

## Key Features

- Support of various compression algorithms, applied during a model fine-tuning process to achieve a better performance-accuracy trade-off:

### Compression-Aware Training Algorithms  

|Compression algorithm|PyTorch|TensorFlow|
| :--- | :---: | :---: |
|[Quantization](./docs/compression_algorithms/Quantization.md) | Supported | Supported |
|[Mixed-Precision Quantization](./docs/compression_algorithms/Quantization.md#mixed_precision_quantization) | Supported | Not supported | Not supported |
|[Binarization](./docs/compression_algorithms/Binarization.md) | Supported | Not supported | Not supported |
|[Sparsity](./docs/compression_algorithms/Sparsity.md) | Supported | Supported | Not supported |
|[Filter pruning](./docs/compression_algorithms/Pruning.md) | Supported | Supported | Not supported |

> ### Post-Training Compression Algorithms

Reviewer 4: It looks good to me. Please place it before and rename "Compression-Aware Training Algorithms " to "Training-time Compression Algorithms" so that it makes aligned with "Post-Training Compression Algorithms".

| Compression algorithm                                                       |PyTorch|TensorFlow|   ONNX   |       OpenVINO       |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------| :---: | :---: |:--------:|:--------------------:|
| [Quantization](./docs/compression_algorithms/post_training/Quantization.md) | Supported | Supported |Supported| Supported (Preview)* |

> 

Reviewer 5: I don't like "Supported (Preview)*". Let's state it as a "Preview" and remove the note

Reviewer 5: I think it should be also Preview for PyTorch and TensorFlow

Author: Do you mean that it should be changed Supported -> Preview*  for TF, Torch and OpenVINO?

Author: Updated - please take a look

## Key Features

> 
> - Support of various compression algorithms, applied during a model fine-tuning process to achieve a better performance-accuracy trade-off:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

### Post-Training Compression Algorithms

| Compression algorithm                                                       |PyTorch|TensorFlow|   ONNX   |       OpenVINO     |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------| :---: | :---: |:--------:|:------------------:|
| [Quantization](./docs/compression_algorithms/post_training/Quantization.md) | Supported | Supported |Supported| Preview |

> _Preview means that the work is in progress and NNCF does not guarantee the full functional support._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Preview means that this is a work in progress and NNCF does not guarantee the full functional support._
```

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/work-in-progress

Reviewer 7: not a fan of "that this is" structure

- Support of various compression algorithms, applied during a model fine-tuning process to achieve a better performance-accuracy trade-off:
  

> |Compression algorithm|PyTorch|TensorFlow|ONNX|

Author: Are we okay with the current format of two tables?

- Distributed training support.
- Configuration file examples for each supported compression algorithm.
- Git patches for prominent third-party repositories ([huggingface-transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)) demonstrating the process of integrating NNCF into custom training pipelines
- Exporting PyTorch compressed models to ONNX\* checkpoints and TensorFlow compressed models to SavedModel or Frozen Graph format, ready to use with [OpenVINO&trade; toolkit](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/home.html).
- Support for [Accuracy-Aware model training](./docs/Usage.md#accuracy-aware-model-training) pipelines via the [Adaptive Compression Level Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/AdaptiveCompressionLevelTraining.md) and [Early Exit Training](./docs/accuracy_aware_model_training/EarlyExitTraining.md).

> ## Usage

Reviewer 6: The usage section is very huge and is not consistent and requires rethinking. I'm ok if it will be done in the  another PR, but if you have idea how to do it, I'm ready to discuss.

Author: I think that PTQ section looks good. There are minimalistic instructions aim to make an introduction of using PTQ. 
Could you specify the exact points that look overflowed?

For FAQ, visit this [link](./docs/FAQ.md).

## Usage of Post-Training Quantization

The basic workflow steps:
1) Initialize the dataset transformation function.

> 2) Initialize NNCF Dataset.

Reviewer: It looks more consistent if we initialize the `Dataset` first, and then the transformation function.

Author: You should provide the transformation func to nncf.Dataset()

Reviewer: From the user's perspective, there is no difference between `NNCF Dataset` and `nncf.Dataset()` (based on the README).
If it's different entities, describe it properly for the each step, please.

Author: > From the user's perspective, there is no difference between `NNCF Dataset` and `nncf.Dataset()` (based on the README). If it's different entities, describe it properly for each step, please.

from the usage example it is super clear what it means, no?

3) Run the quantization pipeline.

NNCF provides [samples](#post-training-quantization) that demonstrate Post-Training Quantization usage for PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX, OpenVINO.

```python
import onnx
import nncf
import torch
import torchvision.datasets as datasets

# Instantiate your uncompressed model
onnx_model = onnx.load_model('/model_path')
# Provide validation part of the dataset for statistics collection for compression algorithm

> representative_dataset = datasets.ImageFolder("/path")

Reviewer: What's wrong with the quotes? Two rows above you used singles.

Reviewer: Also, how user's dataset can be not representative?

Reviewer 3: I suppose it's because the dataset here is not necessarily the one used for training, or not necessarily the complete dataset.

Author: changed to `calibration_dataset`

Reviewer: It is not changed here.

dataset_loader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(representative_dataset, batch_size=1)
# Step 1: Initialize transformation function
input_name = onnx_model.graph.input[0].name
def transform_fn(data_item):
    images, _ = data_item

>     return {input_name: images.numpy()}

Reviewer: Shouldn't we note, that the output of the `transform_fn` should look as the model awaits?

Author: I put special note about the transformation function. Please take a look

Reviewer: ONNX model can be executed with the input only as `Dict`?

Author: > ONNX model can be executed with the input only as `Dict`?

In the user API - yes. The way using AC is only for benchmarking purpose.

To run the samples please refer to the corresponding tutorials:

### Compression-Aware Training Samples
- PyTorch samples:
  - [Image Classification sample](examples/torch/classification/README.md)
  - [Object Detection sample](examples/torch/object_detection/README.md)
  - [Semantic Segmentation sample](examples/torch/semantic_segmentation/README.md)
- TensorFlow samples:
    - [Image Classification sample](examples/tensorflow/classification/README.md)
    - [Object Detection sample](examples/tensorflow/object_detection/README.md)
    - [Instance Segmentation sample](examples/tensorflow/segmentation/README.md)

### Post-Training Quantization Samples

- [PyTorch Post-Training Quantization sample](examples/post_training_quantization/torch/mobilenet_v2/README.md)
- [TensorFlow Post-Training Quantization sample](examples/post_training_quantization/tensorflow/mobilenet_v2/README.md)
- [ONNX Post-Training Quantization sample](examples/post_training_quantization/onnx/mobilenet_v2/README.md)
- [OpenVINO Post-Training Quantization sample](examples/post_training_quantization/openvino/mobilenet_v2/README.md)

> ## Model Compression Notebooks 

Reviewer 6: Could you revise Installation section? I mean the following items:
- `(Experimental) For installation of NNCF for ONNXRuntime-OpenVINO, run:` -> `For installation of NNCF for ONNX`
- + add pip install nncf[openvino]

Author: Done

For in-depth examples of NNCF integration, browse the [sample scripts](#model-compression-samples) code, or the [example patches](#third-party-repository-integration) to third-party repositories.
For FAQ, visit this [link](./docs/FAQ.md).

### Usage examples of Post-Training Quantization

NNCF provides [samples](#post-training-quantization) that demonstrate Post-Training Quantization usage for PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX, OpenVINO.

> To start the algorithm the user should provide:

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
To start the algorithm following entities should be provided:
```

For in-depth examples of NNCF integration, browse the [sample scripts](#model-compression-samples) code, or the [example patches](#third-party-repository-integration) to third-party repositories.
For FAQ, visit this [link](./docs/FAQ.md).

### Usage examples of Post-Training Quantization

> NNCF provides [samples](#post-training-quantization) that demonstrate Post-Training Quantization usage for PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX, OpenVINO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NNCF provides [samples](#post-training-quantization), which demonstrate Post-Training Quantization usage for PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX, OpenVINO.
```

Reviewer 7: I'm afraid the previous version is correct

> NNCF provides [samples](#post-training-quantization) that demonstrate Post-Training Quantization usage for PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX, OpenVINO.

Author: Fixed

> To start the algorithm following entities should be provided:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start the algorithm the following entities should be provided:
```

> To start the algorithm following entities should be provided:

Author: Done

> To start the algorithm following entities should be provided:

Author: Added

* Original model.
* Validation part of the dataset.
* [Data transformation function](./docs/compression_algorithms/post_training/Quantization.md#data-transformation-function) from original dataset format to the NNCF format. 

The basic workflow steps:
1) Create the [data transformation function](./docs/compression_algorithms/post_training/Quantization.md#data-transformation-function).
2) Initialize NNCF Dataset with the validation dataset and the transformation function.
3) Run the quantization pipeline.

> Below there are usage examples for every backend.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Below are the usage examples for every backend.
```

<details><summary><b>PyTorch</b></summary>

```python
import nncf
import torch
from torchvision import datasets, models

# Instantiate your uncompressed model
model = models.mobilenet_v2() 

> # Provide validation part of the dataset for statistics collection for compression algorithm

Reviewer 2: Double "for" doesn't look good 
```suggestion
# Provide validation part of the dataset to collect statistics needed for the compression algorithm
```

val_dataset = datasets.ImageFolder("/path")
dataset_loader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(val_dataset)

# Step 1: Initialize transformation function
def transform_fn(data_item):
    images, _ = data_item
    return images

# Step 2: Initialize NNCF Dataset
calibration_dataset = nncf.Dataset(dataset_loader, transform_fn)
# Step 3: Run the quantization pipeline
quantized_model = nncf.quantize(model, calibration_dataset)

```

</details>

<details><summary><b>TensorFlow</b></summary>

```python
import nncf
import tensorflow as tf
import tensorflow_datasets as tfds

# Instantiate your uncompressed model
model = tf.keras.applications.MobileNetV2()

> # Provide validation part of the dataset for statistics collection for compression algorithm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Provide validation part of the dataset to collect statistics needed for the compression algorithm
```

Author: Already added

val_dataset = tfds.load('/path', split='validation', 
                        shuffle_files=False, as_supervised=True)

# Step 1: Initialize transformation function
def transform_fn(data_item):
    images, _ = data_item
    return images

# Step 2: Initialize NNCF Dataset
calibration_dataset = nncf.Dataset(val_dataset, transform_fn)
# Step 3: Run the quantization pipeline
quantized_model = nncf.quantize(model, calibration_dataset)
```

</details>

<details><summary><b>ONNX</b></summary>

```python
import onnx
import nncf
import torch
from torchvision import datasets

# Instantiate your uncompressed model
onnx_model = onnx.load_model('/model_path')

> # Provide validation part of the dataset for statistics collection for compression algorithm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Provide validation part of the dataset to collect statistics needed for the compression algorithm
```

Author: Already added

val_dataset = datasets.ImageFolder("/path")
dataset_loader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(val_dataset, batch_size=1)

# Step 1: Initialize transformation function
input_name = onnx_model.graph.input[0].name
def transform_fn(data_item):
    images, _ = data_item
    return {input_name: images.numpy()}

# Step 2: Initialize NNCF Dataset
calibration_dataset = nncf.Dataset(dataset_loader, transform_fn)
# Step 3: Run the quantization pipeline
quantized_model = nncf.quantize(onnx_model, calibration_dataset)
```

</details>

<details><summary><b>OpenVINO</b></summary>

```python
import nncf
import openvino.runtime as ov
import torch
from torchvision import datasets

# Instantiate your uncompressed model
model = ov.Core().read_model('/model_path')

> # Provide validation part of the dataset for statistics collection for compression algorithm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Provide validation part of the dataset to collect statistics needed for the compression algorithm
```

val_dataset = datasets.ImageFolder("/path")
dataset_loader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(val_dataset, batch_size=1)

# Step 1: Initialize transformation function
def transform_fn(data_item):
    images, _ = data_item
    return images

# Step 2: Initialize NNCF Dataset
calibration_dataset = nncf.Dataset(dataset_loader, transform_fn)
# Step 3: Run the quantization pipeline
quantized_model = nncf.quantize(model, calibration_dataset)
```

</details>

## Model Compression Samples

For a quicker start with NNCF-powered compression, you can also try the sample scripts, each of which provides a basic training pipeline for classification, semantic segmentation and object detection neural network training correspondingly.

To run the samples please refer to the corresponding tutorials:

> ### Compression-Aware Training Samples

Author: I prefer to stay with the capital letter as we did in all other headers

  - [Image Classification sample](examples/tensorflow/classification/README.md)
  - [Object Detection sample](examples/tensorflow/object_detection/README.md)
  - [Instance Segmentation sample](examples/tensorflow/segmentation/README.md)

> - [ONNX sample](examples/post_training_quantization/onnx/mobilenet_v2/README.md)

Reviewer: Should we highlight somehow that this is a PTQ sample and not the same as the QAT samples above?

Author: done

Author: Can we resolve it?

#### Classification

| ONNX Model |    Compression algorithm    | Dataset  | Accuracy (Drop) % |
|:----------:|:---------------------------:|:--------:|:-----------------:|
|resnet50| Post-Traininig Quantization | ImageNet |   74.63 (0.21)    | 
|shufflenet|            Post-Traininig Quantization           |  ImageNet   |    47.25(0.18)    |
|googlenet|            Post-Traininig Quantization           |   ImageNet  |    66.36(0.3)     |
|squeezenet1.0|           Post-Traininig Quantization           |   ImageNet   |    54.3(0.54)     |
|mobilenetv2|           Post-Traininig Quantization           |   ImageNet  |    71.38(0.49)    |
|densenet|           Post-Traininig Quantization            |   ImageNet  |    60.16(0.8)     |
|vgg16|           Post-Traininig Quantization         |   ImageNet  |    72.02(0.0)     |

#### Object Detection

| ONNX Model |    Compression algorithm    | Dataset  | Accuracy (Drop) % |
|:----------:|:---------------------------:|:--------:|:-----------------:|
|ssd|            Post-Traininig Quantization           |    MSCOCO  |    20.17(0.17)    |
|tinyyolov2|            Post-Traininig Quantization            |  VOC2012   |      29.03(0.23)      |

> 

Reviewer 3: Fix typos and source-level formatting, and use consistent names for models, datasets, compression algorithms and metric names as with the rest of the frameworks.

Author: done

|MaskRCNN|INT8 (per-tensor for weights)|COCO2017|bbox: 37.27 (0.06)<br/>segm: 33.54 (0.02)|
|MaskRCNN|Sparsity 50% (Magnitude)|COCO2017|bbox: 36.93 (0.40)<br/>segm: 33.23 (0.33)|

> ### ONNX models

Reviewer 6: It looks like ONNX example is out of place. In whole, the usage section requires reword, probably, need to separate it on demonstrating the config based approach and the pytonic approach... It requires discussion.

Author: I wanted to expose some results to users. So, I placed the table here. May you suggest better location?
